docs: improve SEO descriptions on AI Studio pages (#638)
hashgraph/hedera-docs: solutions/ai/hosted-mcp-server.mdx

---
title: "Hosted MCP Server"

> description: "Connect Cursor, Claude Desktop, and other MCP clients to the Hedera Hosted MCP Server to use Hedera Agent Kit tools without local infrastructure."

Reviewer: This isn't possible yet as we don't have middleware to enable popular models. Right now you can only connect your own Agents, essentially

Reviewer 2: updated to

> "Connect your own MCP-compatible agents to the Hedera Hosted MCP Server to access Hedera Agent Kit tools without deploying local infrastructure."

> description: "Connect Cursor, Claude Desktop, and other MCP clients to the Hedera Hosted MCP Server to use Hedera Agent Kit tools without local infrastructure."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Connect your own MCP-compatible agents to the Hedera Hosted MCP Server to access Hedera Agent Kit tools without deploying local infrastructure."
```
